---
title: Life update
layout: post
tag:
  - misc
  - life
  - career
  - software
  - engineering
category: blog
image: null
headerImage: false
author: srijaljoshi
description: >-
  A short update on what I have been up to
externalLink: true
publish: true
published: true
---
## It's been a while since I have posted anything...

The last time I posted was in 2017 while I was a fresh graduate of Computer Engineering and had no clear idea of where I was heading. I was in Nepal back then but really wanted to advance my career further and so I started prepping.

GRE was a monster to tame but with enormous perseverance and luck, I managed to score 324/340. 162 Verbal and 162 Math. I was proud of my scores and with haste I started applying for the Universities in the US that I thought would take me. 

Reality hit soon and I realized that only academic scores were not enough to get accepted in top tier universities. I accepeted admission into an average university and then finished my Master's with a 4.0 GPA. MS in CS was a stressful monster. I remember spending like 20 hours per weekend for my Algorithms class homework and study. Sometimes it felt like I wasn't cut out for this but like every other time, I had been underestimating myself this time too. Although stressful, I learned a lot during my master's about collaboration, team work and survival in academia. I knew I wanted to work for corporate America since I had never had a taste of working in a massive organization.

Fast forward, I graduate in May of 2020 and started working for TCS America and Apple Inc. as the client. Then I worked for Ford, and The Home Depot most recently.

I have found that life never gets easier, especially in America. I am constantly growing every day and I know if I ever stop, I will phase out. I love my job and solving problems is what I was built for. I have grown a lot during my time in the US and my career. Started out as a regular SWE but now I can say I deal with problems like a senior dev. I have very high hopes from 2023 and plan to work on some exciting projects this year. 